player size of us soloqueue is almost
double that of na and the concentration
of really skilled players in high ELO is
higher than that in 92 I'm sure probably
by maybe even more than double what's
the fourth week of na LCS with coverage
presented by Omni slash I'm joined right
now by Eugene Park to talk a little bit
about his online persona po Beltre and
how that character did today on the
stage Eugene why did you walk me through
the match that you guys had today well
we picked a funnel strategy with Thalia
and it didn't work out quite how we
intended it to so it was pretty rough
early mid game a bit but we were able to
come back late game by just picking them
off with our Global's did you do you
feel I think you guys had been playing
pretty standard before this in the LCS
did you feel extra pressure to try
unconventional stuff given how Europe
did so many unconventional things last
week and seemed to win out over
conventional strategies mmm well we've
always been trying out a lot of
different stuff in practice even though
we've shown more of the standard side in
practice and this was something that
seemed like strong and was having good
results so we decided to just play it on
stage why wasn't Peter playing
Heimerdinger you'll have to ask him for
that one I have encouraged him to play
heimerdinger's
III think it's good everyone should be
encouraging everyone to play because I
feel like the number one criticism of
North America are you notice that
everyone is afraid to play the stuff
that everybody else is playing right but
I'm pretty sure Homer difference X but
it's like strong but it's also like just
fucking awful like late-game if you
watch the TSN person hundred thieves
game is hybrid was just shitting on the
lane as hard as himer possibly can like
took Vitara took top turret and then
timer died once then hammer is just
useless the rest of the game
so then why why did heimerdinger do so
well last week I think I think that was
just like one piece of the pie
so to speak Jaime R is really strong in
Lane but I mean four flex six and I team
kept opening like eight rocks again see
you it's like well played you won with
eight rocks
it's just it's funny because I went out
to dinner with wreckless and perks and
Peter and Peter was just like guys like
Heimerdinger seems soapy like is there
anything that could stop Heimerdinger
like heimerdinger seems unstoppable and
you're like heimerdinger is very
stoppable no it's kind of ok but if you
if you can stop him once and he's
useless so you just see to stop shut him
down once and it's over yeah cuz the
champion if you play Heimerdinger you'll
understand what i mean but he's a
champion unlike any other champion in
League and than that he is just like
super janky like I don't know how else
to describe it like this champ is janky
okay well jet jet did did you see
chanted like a whole synopsis of a
breakdown like live on air he pulled up
like the practice client or whatever and
showed like all the different
heimerdinger combos you have to pull off
did he dress up his heimerdinger he did
he did not maybe he should have you
should have then I would have watched it
well that's good me you should tell that
for the next episode because I think
they should do more of those champion
things and he should just cosplay every
time maybe can talk to sneaky about that
but okay so he's just Jinky what what is
it that about the one kill that like
stops him from like caring mmm well
basically like one timers team starts
losing pretty much but of course you
could argue if you have high memory you
should never really get in the position
where you're losing because he's so
strong in Lane and you know pressuring
the dragon and rift rolled and whatnot
but yeah I'm not sure like we don't
really see it in China and Korea so
maybe use just really ahead of the meta
on this one but it's it seems like a
strong pick but not like Opie did you
happens to your teammates video
editorial video that he put out this
week oh yeah Peter released a video
about like the state of League and yeah
I didn't watch it well it's like a
really big discussion point and I keep
asking Pro players about it but I feel
like none of you have watched it so
that's now I can't talk about it well
here we'll take the central 10 and I'll
just ask you like do you think League is
passed too frequently right now
maybe I think it would make sense of
patches were spaced out a little more
like maybe not every two weeks but maybe
like every three weeks to a Mon I think
that would make a lot more sense
especially with the volatility of LCS
matches all being best of one and then
you have to adapt and then there's some
variants like you know what side are you
or like oh we discovered like this
really great strat off of this patch
that the other team has discovered yet
so there's some variance there so it'd
be nice if like we had more stability
from the patch side but you know that's
up to riot and then whatever they do if
they're sitting with two weeks two weeks
hatches like how they do
that's we've done that the whole time so
it's nothing new but you know then I had
a conversation with darshan who said
that he's starting to look into with the
Players Association getting any players
like a better practice solution
something that's like the eight ping
thing or lower-paying rather than the
sixty pink thing how excited would you
be if that was able to happen you know
part of it is we play on 60 ping in
soloqueue as opposed to like a ping in
Korea and like 20 ping in China and you
was the differences when I played there
but really the biggest problem is just
that like the player base in na in high
yellow is just honestly it's small like
compared to other regions like if you
queue up let's say IQ at mid bot then
half the time I get mid half the time I
get thought or something else that's how
it is in na when I was bootcamp being in
Korea for world's last year I got my
roll like 90% of the time maybe even
more than that I just would get middling
every time it's like what this is crazy
and it was so great because and high/low
it's like I'm getting matched against
all these permits all the time they're
always getting the roll - there's just
so many players in that server and
that's the thing in Korea there's so
many Korean pros top Chinese pros top
Korean pros top Taiwanese pros there's
even like Vietnamese pros like Japanese
pros there's so many pros that play on
that server in EU you have all the EU
LCS players and then you also have all
the players in all the amateur leagues
all throughout Europe like the Spanish
the french ligue the german lee
everything and all those players are
like you know they have competitive
experience too maybe not at the same
level as LCS players but they're still
they're still really good and there's
there's a lot of them like the player
size of us soloqueue is almost double
that of na and the concentration of
really skilled players in halo is higher
than that in 92 I'm sure probably by
maybe even more than double so I think
that is the biggest problem when it
comes to quality of soloqueue and that's
not something that can be fixed by
making the pool even more limited
through ways of creating an in-house or
something like that and one more thing I
want to say about this shit is people
were saying there is like a big
kerfuffle about oh you know pros we
tried to set up an in-house a while ago
but it didn't work because the pros are
too lazy and they didn't want to
practice and this is why an ace but I
mean okay so what happened there have
been a couple in houses tried in the
past the ones that I can remember was
when were like hi tried to set it up
this was like four years ago I don't
really remember that one and then the
second one was maybe more recent maybe
like I think I remember playing on it
when I was on IMT near the tournament
realm right and people wanted to stream
it they couldn't stream it and stuff
like that yeah that was kind of one
appointment but anyways we tried then
like for a few days or maybe like twenty
or so people who tried it but man it
just sucked because you had to wait so
long to find a game it's like not
everyone is ready to play at the exact
same time if you have a pool of like
well at that time it was fifty maybe now
would be 100 with the Academy players
but you know not everyone wants to play
the santur how do you decide match me
how do you say who gets to go what role
like when I was playing is like okay
that'll CS mids in that match were like
me bjergsen golden glue and then it was
like bricks and glue or the way it
worked was like we all sign up on a
Google Docs you just put your name on a
team and it was like okay well I see
bjergsen is on one table it was on
another team is it really worth my time
to play this in-house if I'm not even
get my role and then I just ended up
playing against who knee like three
times in a row in top and then it was
like huh okay and then it's like if
someone has to go eat dinner or
something then it's like okay well who
do we get now unless you have an odd
number of people let's see like 13
people who want to play only 10 people
can play
those other three people just have to
fuck off or wait forever I mean it was
just like not a very great system and
then it also my point earlier about just
the playerbase overall being so small
and that top concentration that you know
it's like dubious if it's even worth it
to limit that pinched pool even further
anyways it's not because we were fucking
lazy like we tried but or you know maybe
it is maybe I mean I try to make it work
maybe it's the other fuckin lazy pros
faults that they didn't show up to I
mean we did only have like twenty or so
people instead of every single LCS an
Academy player but anyway I think I'm
going in circles at this point but the
biggest problem is that there's like
that highest percentage it's not like as
Howard as it is in like Korea China or
even the US is there a fix or we just
screwed because if you it feels like if
you guys can't ever practice against
higher-tier people you're constantly
straining to get your role and like the
in houses are just like not practical or
logistical ii possible like how is this
ever gonna get resolved in if it doesn't
ever get resolved like how are we ever
gonna be able to compete at the skill
rate of the other regions I mean maybe
there is a way like artificially that
you could do it like I think the people
who made the FPL league in csgo we're
trying to gather interest and you know
maybe that could be a way where you well
first of all they would somehow have to
have access to a tournament realm in my
opinion for ping reasons or ping reasons
and then so that would be the first
hurdle and riot doesn't really like to
give out those privileges I don't think
they would give out those privileges to
a third party like they have that shit
under their control so they have to do
that and then yeah so like maybe they
could do that where you like kind of
vouch for other people and then you
don't have to deal with like toxic
people ragers but it's it still comes
down to the point where like you're just
gonna have to offer all pretty
frequently probably if the population
size is even that much smaller it's not
like there's gonna be like a perfect
amount of okay there's this many 80s
mids tops jungles supports na DS I think
I repeated myself there I just counted
to 6 on my fingers but is there a world
where instead of all the teams triple
blocking it makes sense
like third block into this like scram or
tournament realm environment where
because my understanding is triple
locking is like kind of exhausting and
it taxes a team
is it better to create this like pseudo
soloqueue situation where you can maybe
do that more frequently than triple
walking get less exhausted you play
against a variety of people
I think triple blocking is always better
than so lucky yeah because you're
playing on low ping you're playing with
your team and yeah I mean you're just
playing in team environment which is way
better for improving at the team game
than in soloqueue oh one more thing I
wanted to say about like this in housing
ideas I don't want to be playing in
houses again someone I'm playing next
week I don't want to be like in voice
chat with them either like letting them
know how I think about the game that's
dumb as hell like if I'm playing against
TSM this week you think I want to be
like playing against bjergsen showing in
exactly what I'm playing how I'm playing
things like that what if instead of well
cuz you could play all the same stuff
that you would play in soloqueue right
because they can go find all your solo
queue data and whatever you're not in
comms you're just playing it like it's a
solo queue game it's still like you
don't really want to show your hand like
don't you show your hand when you then
go solo cute like you trip a block and
then at the end of the day you go and
you play some new champion you're trying
to learn and then they can see that it's
publicly available right you can learn a
lot about player tendencies by playing
against someone I see so it's like if
you have to play against bjergsen and
you're trying to learn Twisted Fate he's
gonna learn how you play Twisted Fate
because he's laning against you yeah
there's a lot of like small stuff not
just related to champion pool that you
can tell from playing in someone like
when when are they gonna take a reset
are they gonna like pretend reset and
just bait you are they going to pretend
reset and go for a crazy roam things
like that and then you can start to see
patterns so then did we ever find out
the solution like cuz I said I'm worried
because it doesn't seem like this shit's
ever gonna get fixed and then we might
be screwed what is this solution I saw
this really sarcastic post where it's
like let's just import every single high
low solar key player from Korea and
Europe in China and I was like yeah that
would work but expensive yeah what is
the solution
I'm not sure for me I wish the quality
of soloqueue
was better and you know I try hard in
soloqueue and yeah if I see like a pro
like just fucking griefing and so lucky
I'll call them out of it on their
bullshit and be like hey let's like try
and win in an interview would you call
them out and I wouldn't do that but in
the end it's like teams for that reason
of solo queue not being as great
I've trended towards just playing more
triple blocks and I think that's an
alright solution you know like you play
your triple blocks and then whatever
time energy you have left in that day
you can play a couple stole the key
games I think that's fine
I just assume you get more freedom and
creativity in soloqueue right like you
can do like more random things because
it's not like in a scrim you know you
might have to do this weird funnel
strategy that you wouldn't normally do
because you're just trying to learn the
champion but like the team needs you to
learn about funnel whereas like maybe in
soloqueue you play a champion that you
have some theories on and like oh you're
doing really well with it and then you
know that that unlocks something that
you don't get in scrims
I would assume not knowing anything
about scripts mmm you do have more
flexibility yeah because sometimes you
want to just try out like a new champion
but if you want to do that and like
screams without kind of setting up a
proper comp for it sometimes it's just
gonna be really troll like let's say I
wanted to play I don't know think of an
example let's say I wanted to play yeah
yeah who's not a great pick and
competitive right now I can just flick
that in soloqueue is actually a great
champion in soloqueue but not great for
the team game if we were doing a scram
we'd have to set that up and then you
know maybe my all my teammates want to
try other stuff too instead that's what
solely keys for that's how I treat it
still yeah so it says it so triple block
he doesn't completely solve that
situation cuz you want to try it's a
great place to experiment yeah I mean
just ideally they would just feel like
everyone in the USA played so like you
and then it's just like you just have
like the best of the best in na playing
solo q every day every hour so you just
have like the most high-quality games
ever but we're for fun region that's not
where we're at
yeah is there anything that you want to
say to any of the fans out there uh hi
check out the rest my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel look at interviews done I don't
me slash supported it that's really cool
appreciate those guys a lot but you know
what I would appreciate there's a twitch
link in the description it's twitch link
in the description it's my twitch
channel try to grow that you might have
already subscribed to my youtube channel
but go hit that link and then follow me
there by the way I take your Amazon
Prime's too if you're interested that
but go follow me on Twitch so that you
can check out some of the new live
coverage and cool stuff that I'm trying
to do over there as well and again
thanks so much to a massage that was
really really nice to them